couples arrived
due to the fact that the flight is long and we
counted with the guys about nine with
half hours we have all the way from
universal sports complex
cisco 2 hotels in madrid occupied and
so that the guys have time to relax
stop a little
rebuild and again time so here
a difference of three hours is possible in order
conduct such a full training on
parquet real to feel the fingers
I'm here now we stayed you there
throw a little instead of training
to feel the hall above all
rush to feel your
potty
Champions League I photo we understood that
the enemy is me a match will need to somehow
logically
but that was how it looked new itself
the atmosphere in the stadium was awesome
liked it and we
i all burned johnny jackson hit on
football and very bitch were places and
but I liked the band after good
the atmosphere of detachment in the middle of every
and
their energies turned out to be positive
no free tickets planned in advance
had to go water for minutes but they
decided
and don't go over this here with
Vitaly began to go on very
liked is actually the atmosphere is
the game was not so interesting
but the very atmosphere look like everyone
it's not here held
see of course real kadnay arid
European teams one very interesting
trained well mood all
great i think tomorrow should show
good game and for us naturally
principled for real too
at their arena will we just not give them
but I'm light 4 how cool is the attack
so and its 3 l above all are
the team with the most
throws most Euroleague commit
Throws I think that we certainly have power
under the ring and so this we have big
from playing for example some kind of khryapa
can play the third position to start playing
his under the ring is good
handing over the transfer so if we can
he beats no blitz
give also not over we have a lot
benefits and it seems to me
the royal family of real under the ring to me
seems to need to use muscles